Whios unknown `registrar` key (#16675)
demisto/content: Packs/Whois/ReleaseNotes/1_2_8.md

#### Integrations
##### Whois

> - Fixed an issue where the ***Whois*** command failed in domains with eu suffix 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***Whois*** command mishandled domains with 'eu' suffix.
```

> - Fixed an issue where the ***Whois*** command mishandled domains with 'eu' suffix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***whois*** command would mishandle domains with an 'eu' suffix.
```
